welcome to Boulder Colorado and the 2012
USA ultimate college championships hi
I'm Elliott Rotter the first day of
competition is in the books with many of
the top seeds proving that they are
deserving of the rankings in the open
division 2nd seeded Pitt faced off
against UC Davis early on it was all
Pitt as Patrick girls found a streaking
Julian Hausman who snagged a quick grab
for the score hit up 5-0 UC Davis tried
to stay alive down 1 6 when Ben Hubbard
sends the inside-out backhand to justin
wong who pulls it down for the score in
the end pick proved to be too much for
the dogs stringing together a nice
sequence of passes ending with Ethan
Beardsley finding Colin Connor in the
endzone for the game-winner
final score Pitt 15 UC Davis 5 next up
in the open division it was the number
one seeded Oregon ego matching up
against six seed Minnesota gray dug
early in the game organ showing off some
of its defense with a Hoosier daddy
layout by Aaron Hahn knocking down
Steven Matz's pass to Kyle who's by for
your jack-in-the-box play of the day
soon after on offense it was Aaron Hahn
again making the play he goes up to pull
down the hammer from Charlie Wilson
Moses ego up 1-0 later on Minnesota down
610 as grey ducks Steven Matz finds a
streaking Ryan AHS guard who lays out to
the score against a fitting defender
Minnesota 7 Oregon 10 but the number one
seed Oregon ego would not be stopped by
grade on up 13 8 again it's Charlie
Wilson Moses with the dish assist to
Camden Allison Hall for the score Borgan
wins with a final of 15 9 in round 3
it's the Wisconsin Hodags and Minnesota
Duluth Northern Lights
Leon Wisconsin is in control les Dan
parks sense a buttery backhand to jordan
O'Neal who leaps for the easy one-handed
score Hodags up 3-1 Minnesota Duluth
wasn't ready to roll over yet and Ryan
pecarn approves it on the defensive end
as he sneaks between two Hodags to make
the deflection later on Minnesota down
three seven and this time for karna gets
it done on the offensive end skying big
after Igor Lee Berman's soaring forehand
bringing it down for the score Northern
Lights only down by three in the end the
fourth seeded Hodags proved they're not
taking anyone lightly up 14 9 kyle
Gephart sends a big backhand to a
sprinting Zach alter who pulls it in for
the game-winner final score 15 9
and in our court you match up of the day
it's Carleton College taking on Tufts
early on game tied at one
Simon Montague sent a huge flick to a
soaring Logan Weiss who out reads his
defender for the score Carleton up to
one Tufts would answer right back though
this Adrien banerji finds Pierce
McNaughton who goes up early for the
endzone grab score tied at two apiece
late in the game Carlton let's Tufts
back in after being down by as many as
five points narrowing the game 2-1
Jack hatchets sense a short flick - Eric
will burn for the score and the spiked
Tufts only down one
however the comeback would end there as
Colton Simon Montague since a low
inside-out break into Nick Stewart in
the end zone for the game-winner final
score 1513 Carleton over in the women's
division Washington and Delaware faced
off in the first game of the day and it
started off with some great defense with
the score tied at five Washington's era
Mara dovey goes over the shoulder to
knock down the Delaware pass in the end
zone Delaware would keep fighting as Sam
Peltier finds Natalie szalinski for the
score sideshow down 6 7 Washington
answers right back as sheriff Stern
makes the grab amidst defensive pressure
in the end zone and went up 8 7 sideshow
tries to stay close as Nikki broth sends
a backhand to a diving Alise long toss
for the impressive score the side
showdown 811 in the end the second seed
in Washington element proved to be too
much for Delaware as elements Amanda
caustic drops an easy forehand - Jenna
Houdini
for the game-winner
final score 1511 next up it was number
one seed organ feud going up against the
succeed Wisconsin belladonna early on
score tied at three as feuds Aubrey
Bishop drops a scoober to the falling
fistina Schuler for the score
organ up for three shortly after feud
strikes again as Katie Weatherhead sense
of floating high release to Aubrey
Bishop who makes the score in traffic
Morgan up 5-3 this game was all organ
and up 14-7 Jessi Shofner looking for
the game-winner finds Kimber Cole's in
the end zone with a long backhand final
score 15 7 later in the day Iowa State
women scorned went up against tough ski
women Tufts get on the board early with
Mia Greenwald sending a sharp outside in
forehand to chena Titcomb who skies for
the score
he women up 2-0 later in the game Iowa
State down by two as Megan loo find
Sarah hoist add who lays out for the
grab Iowa State only down five to six
but Tufts would start to pull away in
the end as claudia taga Milan chah's the
big hammer to Makayla Fallon making it
1310 Tufts would go on to win with the
final of 1510 and lastly it was time for
number one seed Michigan flywheel to
take on second seeded North Carolina
Pleiades early on UNC down by three and
looking for their first score when
Shelly Cohen sends a long backhand -
Kelly Duncan who lays out for the grab
UNC down
three flywheel in control up five horn
as any Fischer finds Becky more who
makes the bobble catch Michigan up five
later in the game flywheel up 14 nine
and looking for the game winner when
radical Bhargav sends a short wobbly
forehand tool is a Groberg for the w-
core 15 nine and that concludes a great
opening day of competition here in
Boulder be sure to tune in tomorrow for
the second day of pool play where we
find out which teams will punch their
ticket to the elimination rounds don't
forget to check out USA ultimate for all
scores highlights and news surrounding
the USA ultimate collins championships
I'm Ellie Trotter thanks for watching